I will also repeat the prompts
as we go on, but we'll start
with just one page complex scene
and describe it as if you're
telling someone else who's not
seeing the picture about it.
Describe what you see and what
is happening and take between
three and five minutes, OK?
Here we go.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo OK,
I'm seeing {can, I'm in the
first click, got it here. So
that gets out of the middle. OK}
OK. So I'm seeing again what's
like a color book, open face
color book for probably, I'd say
for children and it is about the
zoo.
And I see a very tall
Giraffe. And then another
giraffe that's right there with
him. There's a rhinoceros and
people are trying to run from
the rhinoceros. It's very
colorful. They're little tiny
mini people. There's a lion
that's overseeing this
rhinoceros that is scaring the
people, but they don't look
awful scared. They look kind of
like funny scared, if you can
imagine that. You know that kind
of like ahh
Um, there are. There's a zebra
and some.
What do you call those pink
birds that's down on one leg? I
forget what they're called.
But uh, they're, they're,
they're, they go in the water.
I've seen them in Mexico.
Uh, it'll come back to me. Look,
there's lots of people just very
calmly watching the zebra and
the duck and these, gosh, I
would remember what they're
called.
Flamingos, flamingos. And an odd
thing about this whole picture
as well is that if the zoo.
There's like an ice castle, I
guess. Maybe that's where the
aquatic animals are, but I can't
see what aquatic think figures
there are. But I can see that
people are surrounding this
enclosed ice castle and you can
see that the the animals would
go in and out of these holes.
It's like, it's like a it's like
a pyramid, but it's ice.
And let's see what else we have.
We have people that are just
talking. I think I see a kid on
a skateboard.
There's somebody looking at a
polar bear, there's some funny
looking animals in the trees.
Everybody seems to be having a
good time except for those
people that are being chased by
the rhinoceros
There are some people.
And these are all just
characters of people. Obviously
there's an ice cream stand,
there's a big umbrella with hot
dogs, there's ketchup and
mustard, and then there's a lady
pushing a baby carriage. And we
have a shop where you can buy
your souvenirs from the zoo and
a cafe where you can get some
real meals instead of just ice
cream. And I think I see some,
see some other people in the
background looking at elephants.
Um, let's see, what else is
there?
Ohh and let me tell you what it
says that I know that I struck
it is about now because there's
a little corner picture here. It
says the Penguins were bored, so
they had to plan to escape.
They're enjoying their newfound
freedom, completely unaware of
the chaos they've created. Does
that sound like I was describing
chaos?
There was a skateboarder and
somebody's eating ice cream cone
and then they asked you in this
book, can you pick out all 10
Penguins? Now if the Penguins
escaped and I'm supposed to find
them, it would take me a little.
It would take more than 3
minutes, I think.
{Quotes from the book. Just
this. Yeah. Yeah. }So that's
what's going on here. Oh, and
then there's a gorilla with a
baby gorilla. {But we're we're
kind of face. We're kind of
covering that. Your face and my
face.}
And there's a bird. And yeah,
most it looks like they did
create quite a issue by
escaping, but they're not to be
found. At least not right now.
They have a kangaroo at the zoo.
And yeah, I think that just
about covers it. #END_escape_from_the_zoo
Yeah, you took
about four minutes, so that's
good. OK. This one will be you
can continue doing the same
thing with this. Again a complex
scene.
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
Oh boy, this one is a lot more,
like you said, complex. There's
a lot more color, and the color
is also blended. It's confusing
a lot for the eyes to take in,
but I can tell you it's about it
looks like an outer space type
of deal, like a science fiction
with dinosaurs. Here we go
again, mixing these two worlds.
It's like, why do we have
dinosaurs and spacemen at the
same time?
But that's one side of the page
looks like dinosaurs.
And the other side of the page
looks like the space world, so
you go all the way from.
Ancient days to future days. Now
on the dinosaur side, it's
entertaining because it kind of
looks like like it's a play like
there's going to be they're
filming this and the the
characters, the people have
sitting in front of their makeup
mirror like in a studio and they
have their own little dressing
rooms and it looks like either
they dress up like dinosaurs or.
It's real people with dinosaurs.
It takes a little bit to, you
know, your imagination. There's
mummies.
This is probably all production,
really. It's probably all
made-up they've got because
they've got real people in with
Cavemen.
And animals that I don't
recognize and like I said,
dinosaurs. And then they've got.
Some people that are climbing a
lava lava mountain of lava looks
like lava. Maybe it's not, but
because you would think they
would be like it would be red.
Maybe it's just water it's
coming out of like a.
Like I said, like a mountain
that has an open top and you can
also see in this picture the
their movie cameras on the top
too. So yeah, this is all.
A production of some sort that
has to do with prehistoric days,
but on the right hand side.
You've got the space set up, and
that's probably still in the
studio. In fact, I'm positive of
it. Now, there are more of these
little actors, and some of them
are dressed up as a spaceman.
The other people look like
they're just kind of working.
Maybe. Oh, I know what it is.
It's the cafeteria taking a
break. So this is all like
somewhere in Hollywood,
obviously New York. Who knows?
You've got set people on the
top.
You know, dropping things down
from the sky, you've got all the
apparatus that you need for a
production of this sort. It
looks also like there's some
water or something in this one
for the spaceman, or a blue blue
ground of some sort, and there's
an escalator that get them up to
the top.
There's quite a few, quite a lot
of activity here.
But I think, I think the most
entertaining is the cafeteria
part. Looks like there's a
little bit of chaos going on
there. Somebody looks like
they're spilling something.
And then you can see the cooks
and you can see that they're
serving pie.
And Ohh, part this entertaining
about that too is in this
cafeteria again. You've got
people that are in costume and
people that are just, you know,
working. So just a blend of some
kind of production. #END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
OK. Again, you took about four
minutes, so that was good.
OK, we're going to see a
different complex scene this
time.
OK.
#START_make_a_splash This looks
like a water park again. It's a
open face, colorful caricature,
cartoon type of picture, and you
can see that kids are getting on
at the top left of the book.
That's where the slide starts
and you can see they're going to
go around and down and twist and
turn and come out into this big
pool of a whole bunch of
People and the people are
swimming. There's other people
that are just waiting. There's
people on water tubes. There's
an elephant, a fake elephant
that squirts water onto the
people while they go through
the.
The trail. The water trail.
And then, of course, there's
somebody, a young kid, who's
squirting people just on his
own, hitting somebody right in
the head. And actually, I don't
know if you want to know this,
but they can see that the guy
getting hit in the head looks
like Bob Marley. He's got, you
know, he's got the dreadlocks.
And the rest of the people are
fairly calm. {I'm going to have
to turn this off. Hang on.
Sorry. No worries.}
And there's this, there's
another slide, a bigger slide.
Wide wider slide where the
people are coming down, but
they're also landing the same
pool. And above that is some
other child. I think it is
squirting almost like what it
would be a fire hydrant on to
somebody. That doesn't look too
comfortable either.
It's a water park. It also has a
kind of like a pirate ship in
it, with people playing on that
too.
And some kind of of a.
I guess you I don't know what
you call it. It's it's would be
man made something that the kids
play on. They can climb on it.
It's a colorful animal with
eyeballs and hair sticks out and
big nose and water is coming out
of it. It's like a dragon
because I think that's supposed
to be smoke came out of his
mouth and on the very right hand
side you can see some moms
helping a child out of the
water.
And other people are just
playing with the the water toys.
Um, there's another set of
slides that's coming down into
the same pool. There's a. This
reminds me of.
I've I've slip and slide more
than more than.
More than like a what I want to
say the slides that you that you
turn on, this is more like just
straight on down.
It's like you're just gonna ski
right in.
Umm, aside from all the other
little like rubber toys and
people walking around in their
bathing suits, I don't see
anything.
Extraordinary to tell you about.
Let's see,
let's see. Let's see. There are
there are some trees. I didn't
mention there's trees here. #END_make_a_splash
Yep.
OK. So that was about 3
minutes, OK.
With an interruption from the
phone, yeah. OK. So besides the
complex scenes we talked about
in the beginning, they're also
graphic novels. And this one,
it's about 11 pages. You can go
through the story, describe
again what is happening, what
you see, and take between 10 and
15 minutes for the whole thing.
#START_flowerman Alright, this
is um.
How can I describe this? This
looks like it's a very.
It's night time. OK, let's start
with that. It's night time, and
it looks to me like there's a.
Old
Water. Something that had water
in it, but the water is
depleted. Maybe like a lake
because there's a bridge over
this lake. Now mind you, this
picture is very dark. There's
it's mostly like black and white
and Gray. However, over on this
bridge that I'm telling you
about, there's light and there's
a person and he it's a color
color-coded person. Looks like
an older person walking with an
animal some sort.
Like maybe a rabbit or a dog and
they are approaching.
Some buildings in the background
you can see the pink sky. And
the important part about this
empty bed of what I thought
would be water is it looks like
the car broke down and they had
to get out and walk up this hill
to get to this neighborhood
where there's a Ferris wheel.
Looks like it was a carnival,
some sort. ferris wheel I don't
know why they have a gas station
there, but probably need to fill
up things with gas. There's a
bar which you always
need at a picnic park and a bait
shop so people can get fed, and
there's also another individual
walking over in the darkness, so
I don't know if they're going to
meet up maybe that that the one
guy will help the other guy.
Uh, we'll see.
OK, so now we're at this same
spot. It's going to continue
this graphic novel. We've got
the color, the person in focus
with the color, you can see
they're wearing a hat. And
again, I think they have a bag
with them. They have a warm
thing around their neck. It's
orange. And the rest of the
scene is again, very monotone,
black, white, Gray.
If you want to call out
monotone, now you can see over
on the left there's some people
watching. They're just hanging
out, I think. And actually The
funny thing is, one of these
guys wearing like a wife beater
shirt, you know, like no
clothes. So if it's a cold, one
guy's cold, one guy's not. I
don't get that.
Anyways, they're watching from
their looks, like from their
apartment or the building they
live in. It's old. This is an
Old Town.
And we're going to find out
where this guy's going next.
There's a little boy sitting
outside his a building with and
he has a little animal with him
too, and there's a cafe.
So we're walking to this town.
We're going to find out what
happens next.
Alright, so again our the
primary, primary
Focus or color of this is all
that that purply black and white
Gray of the town. Now we're
being able to see into the
people's windows. You can see
that a man is sitting at a
table. Another one inside looks
like he's painting. There's a
couple more people that are
talking to each other on the
street. Looks like there's a
lady, 2 ladies maybe talking.
It's hard for me to see. There
is a child that's sitting by a
wishing pond and I see.
This person, that's the colorful
person walking with the bag is
walking up to a house and that
house is for sale. So I'm
wondering do they want to move
here? Do they used to live here?
We'll find out.
OK, things are starting to
brighten up now. I think what
happened was that that colorful
person purchased the house
because the house is now not a
shambles. He's working on it.
He's even got a lawn mower on
his lawn. He's got a cobblestone
pathway. He's painting blue
shutters. There's a tree that's
blossoming right above his
house.
And then then the rest of the
people, they're still, you know,
they're still, you can see the
back black, white, Gray
background of the people that
live there. And there's a lot
more activity, people walking on
the streets. There's a guy in a
wheelchair. There's a like some,
like a Baker. There's.
Looks like a Robin Hood type of
Pied Piper. Maybe he's just cold
wearing a hat. Oh.
Little guy on a scooter. So
there's activity now. This is
blossoming or waking up in this
town.
OK, so this next segment is
similar. The house is getting
even brighter. He's got a rock
steeple and a purple roof and
he's out in his garden, so
that's that's colorful. And his,
the tree is blossoming and
around him also is still this
blend of the dark white, black,
there's people talking.
Walking, talking, just living
their lives. This child is at
the wishing well still,
somebody's pushing an ice cream
cart.
The interesting thing that's
changing in this one is that.
There's also another colorful
person. There's a cartoon girl.
And these two, I don't know if
they're gonna meet up or what's
going to happen, but.
Uh, that's her first appearance
in this book and this graphic
novel.
Ohh, there's a lot going on here
now, so don't know where the
girl went. Not sure yet, but
there's a lot more colorful
people. We've got one of the
buildings on the very left hand
side coming to life and it's a
building where it looks like the
little girls hugging somebody.
If that's the same little girl,
there is somebody serenading.
There's the man, I'm told. I
think it's the man I
Told you about with another
young person. There's a several
other colorful people now. I
even see a clown that's so
strange. I think the clown is
also serving up ice cream.
Moving along throughout the
pages, we've got some another
building that's still partially
it's not all bright yet, it's
just still kind of in that
black, white, Gray mode. But
half of it is starting to get
colorful and the most important
thing, I think in this one.
Is that there's a mover moving
truck coming to town. It says
movers and shakers, and there's
a lady watching and other people
are just doing their business.
There's the milkman I think, and
I don't know who's who's
unpacking, but it looks like.
It looks like another family.
They're either. I think there
might be leaving, I can't be
sure.
It's almost like a transition of
a of a how housing environment
like is it coming to life? I
think it's coming to life.
Back to life, yeah.
We'll see what happens next. Now
we're talking now. We've got
lots of life. Everything is
coming in color now. This man
must have done something special
to this town.
There's a milkman or it looks
like a milkman dancing in the
street with a young girl.
There's a man with a broken leg
being wheeled by a chubby lady
and a little girl with big old
round glasses that's talking to
him. It looks like the house
that was being built with the
purple roof and the blue
shutters keep there's activity
there. They're barbecuing.
And there's people in the
streets playing, there's a a man
selling paintings and there's a
crazy car coming through with.
A lady hanging out the window
with frizzy hair and people in
there in their own little
apartments, just looking out on
the town. Everything's getting a
lot brighter. I'd see another
clown too.
OK, now this is quite the simp.
This picture is quite similar to
the previous pages, except for
that it's got a few other
characters and it looks like a
lot of people are moving towards
the right. Don't know why
they're moving towards the
right, but everything looks a
lot of people are going towards
the right. We've got a guy in
the wheelchair still.
We've got somebody pushing or
pulling a cart, flowers. There's
a dog in the street now. People
at the house where I was telling
you about that house is like
they've gone inside now. Maybe
it's coming towards night. It
says it's 8:50 on the clock, so
I think it's coming to evening.
People are starting to go
inside.
And maybe start to go to bed.
There's a sweet little couple.
They're older, they're hugging
each other. And I think they
might be somewhere where there's
music, street music, and they've
got the fountains on that
colorful. Now the fountain has
color and there's a a lady and
her daughter, I think there.
Let's see. Nothing else that I
can think of. I tell you about
the milk truck.
Um, and there's a man sitting
outside of the building, just
relaxing. Here we have somebody
with a, what do you call those
scope. And tell us not to tell.
I think it's telescope. Yeah.
Where an older man showing his,
uh, younger children the sky.
And strangely enough, there's a
man on a roof.
More than one man on more than
one roof.
OK.
Definitely time to go to bed.
The town is winding down now.
There's a few stragglers. A lot
of the windows are shut now,
people. A few people are looking
out their windows.
I think, uh, this part of the
town is where there's a soda
fountain ice cream, but the shop
is closed.
Most of the doors are closed,
just a few people in the street,
I'd say half a dozen in the
street, all walking different
directions, a couple people
talking and then we've got a
family that's sitting on a
balcony.
Looking out at their yard or
whatever they're looking at,
they live in front of the
fountain.
And then there's a curious
little guy in the bottom left
hand corner. I don't know what
he's doing. He's observing.
And I see a couple upstairs
above the where the cafe is.
They're kind of just romancing.
And you can see the rest of the
town pretty much shut up for
night. Not completely dark yet,
but they it's going to be
nighttime soon.
OK. So we're back to the kind of
dreary.
I guess you I call it black,
white, grey.
I mean, that's what happens when
the when the night sunsets,
maybe because we've got people
still in there. You can see them
in their windows, you can see
the awnings, the purple sky.
And again, here we are back
towards the beginning where
Everything is matted color
except for this gentleman with
his bag.
With his hat with his neck wrap,
which would indicate to me that
was a little bit cold there, and
his animal and he's looking at
the for sale sign and there's
people looking at him from the
window, like what are you doing?
Are you going to, are you
thinking about buying this
place? Who are you? What are you
doing here? kinda like that
and also there is a pizza man in
background making some pizza.
We're going to find out what's
happening with this older man
with he's holding the business
card like he's going to buy this
place or he's interested.
OK now.
This, the man is still involved.
This picture is completely
changed form in terms of size,
we're down to where we had a
whole spread of.
{I think I'm doing the wrong
thing right now. I think I'm
doing too descriptive } anyways
little girl
Has found life in a flower.
She's colorful and it looks like
her mother or father.
In the window
also has a flower, and the man
is passing. We'll find out maybe
where the man goes, life
develops. #END_flowerman
Don't know, alright. That was
the story, was it? That was the
story.
Hmm. OK. Interesting. That's
good. Yeah.
OK, switching it up, we're
going back to complex scene. The
orders are all randomized.
That's why you see sometimes
complex scenes, sometimes
graphic novel and this one again
just describe what you see and
what is happening.
#START_by_the_lake OK, well,
we're back to the little mini
people, the little.
Waldo type of individuals, let's
call it. But this is by a lake
and it's a dry. It's a summer
day. You can tell there's not.
There's nothing not great about
this day. It's bright, it's
warm. People are in their
bathing suits, they're flying
kites, they're playing
volleyball. It's pretty crowded
for volleyball. They have a
little canoe, there's umbrellas,
there's people with the they're
in the water.
with their tubings and in the
background you see balloons
being pulled by boats and it
looks like you've got a whole
team of people water skiing.
I've never seen anything like
that. There must be. There must
be a whole team, 15 people being
led by one boat
There's a funny little uh.
What a, canoe left and it's got
a.
I don't know what you call it.
Not a dinosaur, but some. Yeah,
maybe. It's a dinosaur's face on
front of it and there's a man
getting ready to jump in the
water. There's people on the
paddle paddle rafts, there's
people in boats. There's people
on a party raft.
I don't see any.
Any type of like not I want to
say protection.
I don't see any like, uh.
Oh, maybe I do. There's a
lifeguard I'm looking for. You
know how when you have this many
people together, you usually
have some direction? Somebody
who's in charge. There's
somebody playing a guitar,
romancing his girl next to the
canoe.
Yeah, but there's no trouble.
There's no trouble.
All fun. They're building
sandcastles.
They're fishing.
Cooking in the background.
Somebody's on his deck watching.
He must have. That's a nice home
right there on the beach.
Yep. And then what? They want me
to find the Penguins again?
in the little corner of the
reading, yeah.
Uh-huh. The Penguins are back,
OK.
Hmm. Alright. I
can't. I don't see the Penguins
yet. #END_by_the_lake Yeah, there with that many
people, it's hard to find them.
So that was about just about 3
minutes, and we'll go on to the
next one. As you can see, it's a
graphic novel containing about
20 pages. Again, tell the story
and take between 10 and 15
minutes for the whole thing,
OK?
#START_return OK, this is gonna
I don't know what to call it a.
When you open a book and it
gives acknowledgements to people
this book was written, it says
for my parents and it's special.
Thanks so and so for this and
that.
And uh.
Starts out with a street light,
the street lights red. You move
on over and there's a red kite
and a caricature. It looks like
he's drawing on a drawing board.
He's upstairs. And according to
this picture, this is a brick
building, an older building
which probably heated by some
kind of, you know, it's not like
nowadays with the electric and
gas, it's something else. You
see that pipes and it's a sepia
picture. It's probably, I guess
this would probably be in the
40s. Maybe. You can see their
kitchen, it's very nice and
neatly organized. You can see
that there's at least two
staircases to get up to that
room.
Where this man is sitting in his
shorts drawing something, but
there's a red kite behind him
again. Could tell that kite went
upstairs now.
It looks like on the right hand
side of this picture if you
followed along.
Somebody's drawing ohh, this is
going to be one of those ones
where you go through the
imaginary door. I think that I
know what it is. That's the
father. The father's doing his
work upstairs and the son is
downstairs in his bedroom and
he's going to make at least a
little secret out about he's
going to open the door, he's got
red crayon again. He's going to
open that door. He's going to go
somewhere.
Got a ball in his hand, I think.
There you go. OK, so.
It looks like I was right on the
left hand side of this page.
We've got a father or
supervisor.
Uh, who's working on his drawing
board and sees that there's a
kite that has been dropped right
behind him and at his desk, and
the kite was part of what was
going on with the child at the
bottom right earlier. So he sees
this kite, he stopped his work.
Now he's wanting to know what
where did this kite come from
and why is it here? Next thing
you know, he's not there, but
the kite is.
Moving over to the next picture,
you can see that he went into
his the child's room, the little
boy's room.
And he's there's no child
anymore. But he, this person,
this elder, lets just call the
father, is looking through this
imaginary door, the red door.
He's looking for this child. The
child must have escaped somehow.
And so then this adult person
goes through the door and he's
now outside. He's outside in a
magical.
Forest with lamps hanging from
the trees.
And he's looking across the way
over some water to a little
bench.
Or I guess you would call it a
dock of some sort where there's
a little red ball. Now that red
ball has something to do with
what we saw before with the
child and the ball and the kite.
All right. So I have a feeling
that he's going to try and
follow that ball.
He did. He went over to that
little dock over the waterway,
picks up the ball and he sees a
fixture coming towards him. It's
like a it's a wooden structure,
like a little boat.
And it's, it's fantasy. It's
like a little animal head and
little tail and it looks like
somebody could actually like
stand in the middle. I don't
know what kind of watercraft you
call that, but it's, it's
definitely fantasy. And then on
the right hand side, he's
holding the red ball still and
this watercraft comes up to him.
He decides to get on it.
And it goes away from the dock,
and he's now.
Floating towards the castle that
this water craft is going
towards. It's a very intricate
castle. Lots of.
Uh, what they called it. I don't
know what you call those things,
but you know what a castle looks
like it's got.
When you call if we deep
steeples.
And again, there's a waterway.
It's like a Moat. It's like a
Moat around a castle now.
I can see up in the upper right
hand corner that little boy. It
looks like if it's the same
little boy, there's a little boy
in a red boat. So I think he's
going to follow along in this
watercraft with the red ball and
he's going to find out what's
going on with that little red
boat and is that the child he's
looking for?
Makes sense that it would be OK.
So he gets over to.
Where there's more people that
the watercraft has a place to
park a dock,  And he
drops the ball.
Runs up, wants to know what's
going on. I think it's his
child.
You can see that maybe it's not.
It's it's like a royal family.
They all have crowns on and
there's security, bugler type of
individuals protecting this
building this this castle.
There's the red boat is empty.
Nobody's in that little red boat
anymore. So I want to know what
happened to his little boy. And
I think you and I might be
hiding something here. Let me
see if I can move this.
We do view through side by side.
I don't know what to fix here,
but anyways, our faces are
covering something like a chair
and there's somebody standing in
front of the chair. I think what
they've done is they've they've
captured his son or his son is
being.
Guarded by this royal family.
And the man is saying to this
king or whatever he is. What?
Why? Why is my son? Can I have
my son? Why do you have my son?
Why do you have this little boy?
OK, so.
We've got.
It looks like another intruder
coming into this whole scene
because the the Crown people,
the people that are wearing the
crowns, whether they be real or
real, royalty or not, they're
kind of taking heed that there's
another person coming out of
this watercraft boat and we're
not sure who it is. So it looks
a little bit like they're taken
aback. There's they're on edge,
they don't know what's going on.
There's a whole bunch of other
people on the next page.
Getting out of this same
watercraft I think it is, and
the little red boat still there,
but they're trying to fend off.
What are these people coming on
to my castle for?
Alright, so we've got.
The man with the crown is now.
Kind of, I guess he's defending
himself against these people
that are coming off of this
watercraft, but they don't look
like they're bad people. I can't
tell yet. He looks like he has a
sword of some sort. And our
other people, the father who was
the architect earlier, drawing
his his work, and the two
children, now we have two
children with crowns on. They're
standing in the background. But
the man with the sword, I think
it's a sword. It's a sword.
He is saying back off to
whoever's trying to climb these
stairs.
Well, it looks like they have a
music box, and I think that's
all it is, but I can't tell why.
They are fighting over this
music box. And so at the very
tail end of this picture here,
we've got the the king, the man
who was wearing the crown, being
withheld by two other people who
have bigger swords, and
somebody's running off with the
time clock or the water, the
music machine, whatever that is.
All right. So we're back to.
A a simple picture of
One of the children is now
drawing a purple.
Wing like and the fathers
watching him and then those are
the younger child that has also
a purple bird and at the very
tail end of those those people
this is all like a lineup you've
got the guy that was running
with the.
With the box, the music box or
time machine or whatever, you
know might have been a time
machine.
And the next picture we have is.
The four individuals are flying
on this imaginary flying bird,
flying away from this structure
where they're leaving.
This gentleman, this person who
was chasing them with The Time
Machine and they're flying over
a windmill.
I don't know what they're gonna
go next.
OK, let's see what happens here.
Looks like they're up in the sky
and they do look a little
frightened, but you can see that
they're leaving. They're being
sent away from this place where
they were what I call kind of
attacked. The red boat still
there, the Moat still there.
The.
Water device that this animal
water carrier is still there,
but there this is like almost
like they're on a.
A horse, a Unicorn, something
fantasy where they're being.
Taken to safety.
This flying machine where they
thought they were safe.
There's
Purple feathers coming out of
the machine or whatever the
flying machine.
And they're almost going to
lose. They're trying to hold on
to the little boy. He's falling
out. The man with the Crown is
trying to help him.
It looks like.
This is not going to be good
because on the right hand side
what you got is people flying
through the air with the purple
feathers. But the what I'm
thinking is that these two
people are the father and the
son from the very beginning and
maybe.
It's time for them to go be
together. It's just the two of
them in that picture, the red
crayon and the purple bird.
purple feathers maybe they just
need to go be by themselves
again.
Oh boy, they've dived into some
water. This is a real.
Will adventure the man and the
son. I can't, I'm assuming, fell
into water and there's some
fish, one big pool of fish, one
little fish all by itself, three
together and they're in the
water going down. And the next
thing I see, I think, is that
the little boy is going to Draw
Something with that red crayon
to get them out of there.
It's true, it's true. They are
in the bottom of the ocean and
he has drawn a submarine and his
father is down in the bottom of
the submarine. The Little purple
bird is on there, you know,
watching, and the little boy is
Manning the eye machine so you
can see where they're going.
So this little submarine then
ends up in a cave and in that
cave.
There's all sorts of drawings on
The Cave walls.
Umm.
It might be representative of
what they've just been through,
or it could just be something
that somebody drew on that wall.
Maybe it's happened to somebody
else and they are telling their
story.
It's hard for me to see what the
drawings are of, but they
definitely.
They're in a cave.
And the little boy saying to the
to the dad. Hey Dad, look at
this hieroglyphics. What do you
think it means?
And they've got that purple bird
still, I don't know what. That's
just part of their repertoire.
You can see on the other side of
this cave is freedom.
Um, openness. An open spot to
another part of the world.
Looks calm.
And as they are exploring this
cave and the hieroglyphics.
Yeah, looks like.
The watercraft has also parked
itself outside of The Cave.
Let's see what happens next.
We've got the father and the son
and this purple bird.
And the father is now going to
draw.
That's where the kid probably
learned how to draw.
He's going to draw.
Security for the bird, it's
either going to be a door.
Or just an awning, you know,
like a a door face. But let's
see what happens next.
OK, OK, OK, what is this going
to be called, a bird cage? It's
a bird cage, and it's quite
intricate. The father and son
are now hiding behind a part of
probably part of The Cave or
something outside The Cave, and
they see that the man who had
what I thought was a time
machine or a music box is
actually trying to get that bird
Into that box.
And.
I don't think we want this to
happen. I think he's trying to
capture the bird.
It doesn't go well. That bird is
not gonna.
Funny thing is.
Well, turns around on him and
the the man ends up wrapped up
in this bird cage.
And the father has the
Box that the man was trying to
get the bird into.
And this next part is is kind of
odd, I think it's more like.
The man.
The man that was trying to
capture the bird is now stuck in
the bird cage. It's now human
size I guess, and the
contraption that he was using to
try and capture the bird is now
in the hands of the father,
looks like. And it's broken to
pieces and as it breaks to
pieces all these colors come out
of it. It's like psychedelic
red, orange, blue-green and the
birds flying off with some
flowers around it, the birds
flying off the sky and on the
right
hand side of the other page,
you've got the, the crowned
people again, the people with
the crowns, the ones that were
supposed to be the the Majesty.
They are chasing after this
colorful rainbow. And there's
still people on that watercraft
that are kind of like in a
quandary. They look like they're
they've got their their sword
still, and they don't know what
they're doing. They're just
trying to protect themselves.
OK, so now what's happened is.
The.
Four individuals, the father and
the son and the crown, the king
and the Prince, let's say, and
the purple bird are all looking
outside of this cave across the
way to.
The watercraft.
Going bye bye. It's gone. It's
on its way out and there's like
an octopus arm somehow involved
in this.
Uh, some kind of flying bird has
picked up that bird cage with
the man inside it, and it's
being carried off to somewhere
else. The next thing I can see
is the father and son from the
very beginning are hugging
there. He's so happy that the
son, so happy the father came
and helped him. And you can see
his kite is going back inside
the door.
It looks like the other couple,
the Crown King and Prince,
they're standing by the side,{
but you are faces are covering
it. I don't know how to move
that screen.}They can only see
what they're doing, but to me
it's kind of like.
juxtaposition between the the
father and son and the and the
other father and son maybe are.
It's possible that it's the same
couple or it's just two sets of
people, but.
It's definitely um
Come to conclusion that they're
happy they're safe now.
And here we are back at the
original house, the Brick House,
backing up what I thought was
the 40s, but.
It shows.
The brownness and
kind of quiet, peace and quiet
of the house they lived in
various levels, multi level
apartment and all the big tall
buildings outside with outside
of their building that's
colorful and signifying life.
And his kite, his kites flying
over the to the trees. Maybe
he's you know had some fun with
his dad. #END_return
Yep. OK, let's see if I can
fix.
All right, we can try that.
So going ahead, we have another
complex scene. Again, describe
what you see and what is
happening between three and five
minutes, OK?
OK.
This is a my gosh, I should I
kind of try and make it bigger?
Hang on one second, OK?
#START_exhibit_12 It looks to me
like.
See uh, museum. It's a Museum of
some sort. And.
It's got a lot of people here, a
lot of people and a lot of walls
and a lot of pictures, and I'm
trying to get a little bit
bigger so I can get a little bit
more detail. Let's see.
{Go back to standard. That's
better. OK,}  OK, so we've got.
A variety of people in this
exhibit this.
Like I said, I think it's a
museum.
But there's also people climbing
and on ladders and some people,
maybe they're waiting to get on
the ladder to get up to the top.
There's like lots of lines. It's
it's almost, it's this is worse
than Disneyland. I mean, this is
so many people and so much on
top of each other. It's very
hard to tell what this is of.
But it's there's you can see
that there's different levels,
like maybe there's a
Ground level, and then you go up
to the second level where
there's some other wall
hangings.
And staircase to go up there
again towards the top.
It's kind of easier to see
what's going on you actually
see.
The portraits that there are are
of people, of individuals,
families, animals, fish.
So I've got to believe that this
is a public place. Obviously
there's so many people here, it
had to be public. They're also
moving some of the artwork while
all these people are here, which
seems kind of odd to me. It
makes a little bit more chaotic.
Maybe people are vying for wall
space, they just want to get
their wall space, and there's a
clown on the wall and there's an
upside down Waldo on the wall.
And there's a couple like that,
that couple that's in the farm,
but they're not. They're not,
they're younger. You know that
couple, they're the farm with
the pick. I forget what they're
called. And here's a funny
thing. We're in. We're looks
like we're indoors.
But there's people wearing what
looks like bathing suits, OK?
And they have, they have like
Viking hats on. I know this is
ridiculous, but just in the very
like, you're so much going on
here you could talk about it for
hours. It's like.
People in. In regular clothing,
people in.
Like.
I don't even have to describe
that. Just like they're all
dressed up in different eras.
We've got a variety of eras in
here. We've got.
People on horses, we've got men,
people working on.
putting up wall hangings of
faces drawing. They're like
wallpaper.
People. Some people are running.
Some people are
trying to just looks like
they're trying to take down the
artwork. Yeah, it's chaos. #END_exhibit_12
Yeah, that was about four
minutes.
OK, so going ahead, we've got a
graphic novel that's about 8
pages. So go through this story
and take between 10 and 15
minutes.
#START_arrival_4 OK, I've got a
man that's taking a shower.
And then he's going to shave.
He's getting dressed. You can
see he's putting on his vest.
This, by the way, is also that
sepia.
Color. He's tying his shoe. He's
getting his money in order. He's
taking his hat. He's got a map.
He's going to go somewhere. I
can't tell what the map is of,
but it's obvious it looks like a
city.
Uh, he's got some kind of animal
with him. Doesn't look like a
dog. Doesn't look like a cat,
but it might be a cat.
And he goes on his way, you can
see he's going to go on on the
bridge.
He's following the bridge.
I don't think he's really gotten
anywhere yet. He's still trying
to read that map. And you know,
it's not a cat, it's some kind
of, it's some kind of animal
that I don't know what it is. I
think it's made-up. It's like a
big mouse with a long tail.
So he ends up then, like the
final photo on our on here is
also a kind of fantasy. It's
like a boat flying in the air
underneath a bridge. It's still
the sepia color and they've got.
There's people involved here, so
he's going somewhere with other
people. But there's like tipis.
It's like cone cone.
Common structures being you go
inside the cone. I don't know
what's inside those cones yet,
but the people are outside the
cones.
Well, he he and he was passing a
cone along the bridge, so this
is a.
Something that's fantasy too.
And here's a this is kind of
entertaining, because his little
pet mousy looking thing with the
long tail is now meeting up with
what looks like a female
version.
And you see the next frame that.
The guy who's reading the map is
standing next to a lady who's
reading a book, and it looks
like her. She owns that female
version of this animal. And
he's, you know, got his behind
him. So they're going to start
conversing and he's asking her
where, where, how do you get to
wherever I want to go. He's
pointing at some, like symbolic
things, symbolic structures on
this map.
And she's telling him that
there's a phone.
And they would can dial out. It
looks like a phone. Maybe it's
a.
Maybe it's not a phone, but
maybe a some kind of gate that
you have to know how to code.
Use the code to get out.
It looks like he's going to get
a ticket out of this machine.
That's what it is. Not a phone.
I don't think a ticket comes out
and she gives him the ticket, he
takes the ticket and he goes on
this.
What I thought looks like a
boat. It's like a cement boat.
But I'm sure it's not cement.
It's something like it looks
like cement. It's like it's but
it's up in the sky and all the
people are watching it. It's
like, where's this? Where's this
spaceship going and.
The next thing I see here is
people watching the spaceship.
The spaceship is going to land
his little animal and he are
going to probably board this
ship. And as you can see that
his ticket is getting punched
and somebody saying welcome
aboard and it looks like he's
kind of an official. He's got
some kind of hat on and a
uniform and maybe even some kind
of protective device.
So the man and his
Strange looking animal board
this vehicle.
And he's now sitting next to
another lady, it looks like, who
has a female animal. There's
other people on this vessel
they're seated in like like kind
of like a Pew. It's like.
Like a bus or a boat would be
where there's multiple rows of
seating and they start to
talking and and she's got an
animal just like that other lady
did, and he's asking a question.
It looks like he's gonna go look
for somebody. He's got a picture
now he's saying, hey, have you
seen this person? And she's
saying I might, I don't know.
And then she looks in her purse
and she pulls out a picture as
well. She's looking for somebody
too. And the picture you can see
it's getting, it's getting more
evident that it's a young person
that they're looking for. So.
Next thing we see is this young
person. It looks like reading a
book.
It's possible that the person
was in trouble for reading a
book. It looks like that
somebody is trying to take that
book away from this person. It's
probably a girl a little girl.
Can't be sure. Somebody takes
that book away from her and puts
it in a drawer and then locks it
up and then he takes he's making
this girl. This is very kind of
a scary picture, taking a rake
of some sort of a metal
Shovel, taking the shovel and
pushing her towards somewhere
where she's going to now.
Like feed fire into, uh, a
device, it looks like fire.
A ball of fire. I don't know
what's gonna happen. It looks
like maybe, um, it's not really
a ball of fire. What it is is
it's it's a stove. It's a stove
that in the old days you would
poke with a
Shovel and he's making this
young girl do this and it looks
like it's going to kind of
smoky. So she's going to go up
to the top and try and clean it
out. She's climbing up a ladder
and she's going to go clean this
thing out.
Alright, OK So what this is ohh
I wish I could describe it
better because I'm not that well
educated in history, but it
looks like this is like a mining
thing where they would make
people go into these individual
Not cages, but rooms, uh,
buried, buried segregated spaces
where they would each of them
have to do something to make the
smoke. It's probably to make
heat, to make electricity,
whatever at the time, and it
doesn't look like a very
pleasant space space at all.
This is on the left hand side.
You can see that they're all
working really hard and then you
can see the individual pictures,
like I was calling before the
tic tac toe
Board where these these these
people are really worn out and.
You see just a variety of them
trying to protect themselves.
Somebody's trying to break in
the room.
They're trying to hide. They're
trying to get to their book. The
one that was taken from them.
Looks like they're trying to
escape.
It's back in the yeah, back in
the. You can see that it's back
in the days of trains. And maybe
that's how they used to make the
train work station work and
person. This young girls escaped
and she's sitting by herself and
she looks cold, but I can see
that the train is going
somewhere. So maybe she's on
that train, maybe she's escaped.
And then we have this is another
country.
Maybe it's an imaginary country,
I don't know.
Where this boat a flying boat.
Is coming into town and.
You can see that it's just up in
the sky, up against some very
large structure of.
Some foreign words and a and a
face of somebody who's probably
important.
Now we've got back on the this
is probably the spaceship that
the man ended up on somehow, and
he's talking to the lady again
and she's holding that.
I don't even know what kind of
animal that you call it, but
it's the female version and
there's a man with a mega horn
telling him that they're going
to land and they are going to
land soon and they say goodbye.
These two people who just met
the man leaves with his
Strange looking animal and he
looks up in the sky and he sees.
What looks like
His animal, like maybe it's some
kind of strange.
Not religion, but a cult where
his animals going back to see
the grand, the grand animal he's
going to visit.
The
Place where it all began, this
strange land where.
These animals.
Came from and the man, maybe
he's taking his animal there.
He's walking through this town
with his animal. There's all of
a lot of other people with the
same kind of animal, so it's
probably
Probably something like that.
He then walks up to somewhere
where I can see like locks of
octopus tales.
And he.
Is talking to a man and we've
got somebody else who's trying
to get a ticket to go somewhere.
And then we've got, uh, some,
some people looking at some like
dead fish, fish, skeleton.
This is a very odd.
Thing to describe. next photo we
see is people still walking with
animals and reading foreign.
Descriptions of what these
things are.
And the animal is able to.
Relate to some scratchings on a
wall. It's like he knows his
home. He wants to go inside the
this
Wall.
And the man is reading a book,
trying to figure out what's
going on here and inside this
wall. It's actually probably
wood.
Who knows?
There's other animals like that
and there's a boy and the boy
saying this is where my animal
goes, this is where I keep him
and he's got a picture of of him
and another. Maybe it's the same
man, but I don't think so
because this guy has suspenders
and glasses and the other guy
doesn't. He's saying to him.
Do you want to do you want to
have have this from me? Do you
want me to give you this? And
the man says, no, I want bread.
He's pointing to bread in a
book. It looks like to me
they're trying to communicate.
The guy with suspenders is now
part of this picture. It's
almost like they're welcoming
him to a old study. An archaic
study where things are hidden in
walls.
And maybe it's it could even be
ceramics or Wicker or some
creations that people have made,
and they store them here, that
people don't look too sad. They
look like they're, you know,
sharing thoughts. They now we
have the man and the guy with
the suspenders and the young boy
talking about whatever's hidden
in these walls.
Now the guy with the suspenders
is now displaying an object. The
little boy is also displaying an
object. And in a way they almost
look like ceramics, but I don't
know that they are. They could
be.
uhh philosopher.
Fossils.
It could be fossils of some
sort. And there there the boy
and the man with his manners are
really getting into showing this
guy what they have to show.
Looks like they've just had
things stored in this magic
place and the and the man is
kind of confused. He's looking
at this stuff like OK, well I
don't know what this is for, but
thanks for showing me. And I
think what they're doing is
they're going to feed is animal.
And then they give him, they
give him a basket of all these
items that they've shown him.
Little boy is now whispering to
the male in suspenders. And in a
cheerful way, like maybe we've
made this man happy. We gave him
all the goods he came for,
whether they be fossils,
animals, dead skeletons, I'm not
sure. Paramics, I'd like to
think they were. And the little
boys pointing off to the future.
And the next thing you know, all
three of them are walking
towards these fantasy type
looking boats. Then the boats
are not in the water yet,
they're just they're just there
waiting to be used and there's
an another strange castle.
This is a time that I don't know
about.
So they're walking up to one of
these boats. The little boy is
carrying the basket.
Of all the treasures that he's
going to share with this man,
and there are animals coming
along. And the little boy says
come, come see and out of this
ceramic.
Vase rather large vase comes
like a tale of some sort, so
it's a scary little pokey tail.
Umm.
And turns out that this is the
boy's pet. They're telling the
man don't be don't be scared,
it's OK. This is our pet. And
this pet is really kind of scary
looking owl eyes.
Um, ears stick up. And then the
man starting to take ease with
this, the other man with
suspenders, since he's kind of
funny and this animal that is
this little boy's pointing,
pointing to what I call cat ears
with owl eyes is now making
friends.
With this gentleman's weird
looking animal too. So these two
weirdly going animals are
getting together.
And.
The two gentlemen are talking
and they're going to start
drawing pictures. The one man
who's on the on the train to to
get here is drawing picture of
house with what I would say
would be like a dinosaur tail,
and he's showing the man.
Man with the
suspenders and glasses is trying
to understand what this other
guy is getting at and he's going
to figure it out soon as it's
really interesting. You've got
this one eyeball like he's like
he's coming to understand. #END_arrival_4
OK, so that was this part of
the story and we're going back
to a complex scene.
OK.
Sorry, one second. That's OK.
#START_campsite OK, this is more
like one of those complex scenes
where it's the Waldo people
again.
And it looks like people are
camping.
There's tents.
There's a people socializing
outside of their tents.
Families on blankets.
Looks like some people are
cooking.
Some people are playing music.
I'd say there's about.
I don't know, maybe a dozen
tents, but the one tent is
caught my eye is like a hippie
tent. It's got flowers like and
the people hanging around it,
they have a guitar and they have
long hair.
Maybe it's if I had enough time
to figure it out. Each tent
represents something different
in the world, you know? But
alongside of this is interesting
too, because we've got some farm
animals. Actually, I think that
might be.
Ah, what is it called?
A bull. You could see the smoke
coming out of his nose and for
whatever reason people are
actually looks like near him.
Other people are just walking
along with their walking sticks
and their backpacks. There's
cement, there's pathways.
And there's a big thing of water
that separates another side of
camping.
This other side of camping is
more structured. It is not
tents, it is more like trailers.
Much more sturdy.
There.
Vehicles, they're on wheels,
they have awnings. They have
looks like they probably have
electricity. They've got maybe a
bathroom, maybe a bed inside.
It's definitely different on the
other side of the bridge or the
other side of the water. It's a
different type of camping.
And I can see some Boy Scouts,
look at some Boy Scouts on that
side. People are fishing.
People riding bicycles.
People are taking jogs.
It's green. It's green in both
places.
That the primary difference I
think, besides the fact that
that the river there's a bridge.
And people on a party boat in
the river and fishing over the
river for mermaids.
Yeah, I'd say that
that that stands out to me that
there's the type of of mobile
homes or whatever that they're
staying and it's different. #END_campsite
That was about 3 minutes.
And then moving on to the next
one.
I'm reading this a drop so I can
have an idea. OK.
#START_birthday_party_fun OK,
well, we're at a birthday party
for some somebody and you've got
to jumpy gym with all sorts of
dressed up kids are in costume,
they're jumpy gym. They're
wearing, I don't know, one guys
dressed up like a alligator.
Another one is a monster.
There's a pink Bunny, there's
some. It's like Halloween
basically. They're all wearing
different costumes. You've got
ghosts you've got
Goblins. You've got the people
that look like they're the
Vikings. You got animals eating
from the table was probably just
someone in the costume. You've
got water play at this birthday
party. There's balloons. There's
a man in his tall hat with a
it's a gift table.
There's a pinata, there's a lady
looking over the fence. She
probably wasn't invited, but
wants to be.
They're like the jumpy gym is
like I said, there's a lot of
activity around the gym. Kids
are chasing each other.
There's a guy that's dressed
like Superman.
And I think, I think I mentioned
the water play. There's people
in a big pool of water, one of
those that sits on the ground
and they're, they're spraying
each other with water. There's a
witch, there's a butterfly.
And.
The gift table. The food table.
Somebody's bringing a cake.
There's pirates.
There's a I already mentioned
the pinata.
Now.
Just just a variety of costumes
and people having a good time
with this birthday party.
There's a somebody's dressed
like Fred Flintstone. There's
people playing tug of war.
Let's see what else.
That's about all I can say.
Well, I mean, I could keep
going, but.
There's people entering with
gifts.
I don't know who the birthday
person is. Oh, there's a clown
and a mummy.
and somebody is dressed like a
strawberry or a Raspberry or
something. Yeah, Oh yeah. And
there's a robot and there's
another clown and stretched out.
And there's Cleopatra. #END_birthday_party_fun
OK, good. So you can go on to
the next one.
Something different.
OK.
All right.
#START_ancient_rome Well, this I
can see is what they're going to
call fun and games in ancient
Rome, 2000 years ago.
{Sounds like some of my my
husband would say fun and games.
Everything is fun. Stuff this
fun fun.}
This is ancient Rome. Again, I'm
not going to know all that much.
You know, to describe it too
much the but I can tell you it's
a big uh
Arena where there's people
fighting animals and people
fighting each other with swords
and
Protective devices.
Um, there's horse buggy. Not
buggy and carriage, but horses.
Uh, there's men pulling horses.
It's not a really good time in
the world. I mean, it's people,
they're spectators. That's the
thing that's really annoying. I
mean, these people would.
Or bothersome, let's call it
bothersome. People are actually
watching all this
Violence, I'd say. And they
think it's a game.
But it it's that's what they
watched. And they had animals
chasing after people and it was
their entertainment. Very
strange, very strange times. But
yeah, we got people in the
audience cheering them on. And
the weird thing is, the audience
is dressed in modern day
clothing.
Yeah, and I can just see people
being dragged off, people being
chased by lions.
You can see the where the lines
come out of the structure and
attack the people. Lions are
even going into the audience.
Now wait a minute.
On the other side of the
audience, you can see.
People are running.
The Lions are going crazy.
They're like climbing up each on
each other, like cheerleaders
do, you know how they make the
little pyramid the the the lions
are getting
Uh, they're chasing after the
people on the other side of the
arena, and then we've got people
that are like the Trojans.
Watching over.
Yeah.
Some people are running.
Oh, here's a funny one. I see a
lion with a
Bib and what looks like a knife
and fork getting ready to eat
somebody in that's sitting in a
in a child's waiting pool.
Ah, Yep.
There's a lot of stuff going on here. #END_ancient_rome
Hey, that was again about 3
minutes and we can move on. So
this one is a graphic novel
again. Just describe what you
see, what is happening as you go
through the story. This one is
about 6 pages.
OK.
#START_arrival_6 What I see is a
small
Ceramic looks like a cup.
And.
I can't tell what that is, but
it looks this paper.
Paper towards the cup and the
man is sitting and writing a
letter with this cup in front of
him. Looks like it might be
holding up like a flower of some
sort, but the main thing is that
he's using a fountain pen.
He's got some money.
And he's writing a letter.
And he's going to fold this
letter up into like a bird
shape, and he's going to put
that bird in the mail. He's
putting that in an envelope and
with some money.
And then he's going to seal the
envelope and he's putting his
stamp on it. It's this is the
same man I think as before
because he's got that same weird
animal, the one that looks like
a mouse, but it's got a really
long tail in the mouth. This is
like a blown up mouse. I mean
this is like.
And big mouse. So he stops to
ask the lady where he can mail
the letter and she tells him to
go over to this what I guess was
a mailbox back in in this time
frame. And he punches a couple
of codes, read something and
opens it up and puts letter
inside and looks up in the sky
and says I sure hope it gets to
where it's supposed to go.
And that's what we'll see so
far. And then what he sees is a
leaf in what would probably be
winter, a very cold time. The
leaf is now.
I don't know if he sees this,
but I see this. The leaf is
splitting.
Um, if we go all the way across
the page, you can see all of the
changes in this leaf. It's
splitting up, it's
metamorphosizing and it's
becoming something else that
that's really quite beautiful.
At the tail end of this, it
looks like it's got a crystal on
top and.
It's fully formed into a
beautiful
Changed Leaf and it's like that.
On all these there's four rows
of these pictures that show
that. Seems to me it's just the
changing of some object of
The world, the second one looks
like a dandelion because you can
see that it starts out and then
it gets it's puffs. The puffs
start to fly into the sky and
then it comes.
You know, just solitude again.
It doesn't have its feathers or
whatever. Those things are
called wisps of the dandelion
leafs. And the third one, it
looks the same. It's changing.
Looks like a flower of some sort
or
You know even a even a cookie on
a stick. But or tree could be a
tree anyways. It's nature. It's
nature changing and coming to to
some either.
Some of them are coming to
growth and this third one I'm
seeing is coming towards an end.
It's all dark at the end. It's
like the end of it's evolution
and the very last one goes
opposite direction where it
starts out pretty dark and then
it loses some of its
Obscurity. It opens up more and
more and more and then it
becomes almost like almost like.
I guess I'll describe it as like
a paper clip or a string.
Oh, dream catcher. Like that
thing where you can blow things
through something. But at first
it wasn't like that. It was. So
I think it's just changing,
changing life, evolution of an
object, nature or just art.
Of beginnings and endings.
OK, so I don't know how this
those other pages relate to
this, but we've got.
What looks like a cold day.
in some.
I think it's a fantasy world.
Can't be sure.
It's hard to tell what this is,
gosh darn it. Big cement
building, probably a Moat around
this building that may be frozen
right now. Looks like I can see
the spaceship again. And maybe.
Umm.
Some kind of.
There's the, the pine, the tipi,
tipi again. And this might be, I
mean, if you really want me, I
could say it looks like an
Indian burial ground. He's got
some pottery and some things
that looks like Indianish would
be in the background there.
Yeah, it's hard to tell, but
it's very hilly and it looks
cold.
OK, so back to what we have is a
ceramic dish and it looks like
somebody's come a bird or some
kind of object is coming in to
get food out of this dish.
And this is another fantasy
animal, more like it's but it
flies. It's not like the one on
the not like the mouse. This one
flies and we are now seeing this
flying.
Bird like animal, uh, going to
eat out of that ceramic dish.
And there's a man sitting on his
bed.
Looking at a family photo while
this is sitting on his
windowsill.
And.
His.
Animal that looked like the
mouse is now in the picture
again.
Looks like it's noticing
something's going on. It's like
very in tune with something
happening and the man stops
looking at his picture and sees
that his animal is going
downstairs down a ladder.
He goes down the ladder to find
him, and it turns out this
animal is the recipient of that
letter.
The letter that the other man
had mailed? It looks like so.
The human being opens the
letter.
And.
He pulls out the paper mache
bird that has the letter from
his friend. Maybe it was his
brother's uncle's good friend,
and he's reading the letter and
he's looking out in the sky out
of his window, as if this person
had, you know, he had written to
him.
And I don't know if he's in jail
or what, but we got to summarize
this now with the little paper
Origami.
Feeding
Item one that was feeding, then
we've got it looks like, like I
said, an Indian kind of
contraption where you keep your
dishes, you got the man's,
somebody's one of the man's hat
and cloak, then you've got a
picture of that.
octopus thing that was coming
in.
Uh, looks like children's
drawings.
And.
I I don't know. I go, it's like
a coffee maker and the guy's
going to have a cup of coffee
and he's going to look at this
photo of his family and he's
going to give somebody some
money.
Now we go to open up this whole
picture. Now we're going to see
the whole picture again. It's
kind of like going back to a
little bit like going back to
last session where it's a sepia
looking family at a table. All
the things that we've talked
about are in this picture. The
hat, the neckerchief, the photo
of the family, the origami,
whatever that is the.
Mouse. Mouse. Animal, child.
Mother and a father, and they're
also talking about 3 for some
reason. So the little girl looks
like she's putting on her boots
and she's going to take that
mouse looking animal for a walk.
And she's all bundled up and
they go outside in this magic
world.
And they're
running. And then she shows the
animal these little bright
things on the ground, and she
lifts someone up and she's going
to toss it in the air and that's
I don't know what's going to
happen next. #END_arrival_6
This part of the story. So OK,
yeah that was it's own part and
we can the next one is a complex
scene. So again describe what
you see.
OK.
#START_waldo_1 I see another
Waldo.
Caricature.
Lots of bigger buildings this
time around. OK, it's not. This
picture is not so.
I don't know what to say.
It looks like there's an adult
in charge there and there's a
car in the street and two cars,
people crossing the street.
There's a looks like a a nurse,
probably hospital trash truck.
It's like a normal community.
There's a fire station next to
maybe
A repair shop.
And other vehicles being worked
on. There's vehicles  through
the streets, there's a main.
This is like a main.
Area of a town. OK, you've got a
fountain, you've got a statue of
some founder you've got
Pedestrians walking around. Cars
circling this area.
You got little little tiny shops
kind of like.
Uh, I don't know what you call
it. Not not a fair, but I guess
a fair would be a way to
describe it. You know when they
have booths and people go up and
they buy food or plants or
jewelry or
Crafts. And then there's another
there's a business building
right on top of all that, where
people are actually doing their
work. Could see someone on the
computer. You got people taking
break on top of the roof.
They're cleaning the windows.
Um.
Looks like there's a government
building.
And.
There's a there's somebody
coming out of a manhole that's
entertaining there's someone on
a bike.
There's somebody on a motorcycle
that's that's, you know, making
put gas.
And.
Let's see what else we got going
on here. Just.
Another the sort of government
building looks like another
government building.
We got firemen, like I said, I
think that looks like they're
maybe putting out a fire, but I
can't see it because the the
Waldo thing is covering it up.
But they're also why are there
people on roofs? I don't
understand that people are
climbing out of the roofs.
Other than that, looks like a
normal normal.
Just a variety of things going
on in a little tiny city.
OK.
Oh wait, there was an accident.
It looks like 2 cars hit each
other.
Yeah. And people
are discussing it and there
comes a policeman chasing, he's
going to come over there, yeah. #END_waldo_1
OK.
Cool.
So moving on, you can oops,
that was what I had planned, but
let's do a couple more.
{Sorry if I'm a little bit out
of it, I actually I I have
COVID.}
Ohh no. Yeah, I'm. I'm good,
I'm good. But it's just like, I
guess it's hard for me to maybe
just slightly harder for me to
describe things. That's OK.
Ohh sorry.
So the next one will be a
graphic novel that's about 20
pages.
The style will look a little
more familiar.
So again, just describe what
you see and what is happening as
you go through the story, OK.
#START_quest OK. This is back to
our kind of like.
Where we have our colorful
characters, the young boy and
young girl and the purple crayon
and orange crayon or red crayon.
And it's a it's a children's
book again, it's got a
dedication on it, and it starts
out with a statue of what would
be a winged.
Uh.
Person. So you know somebody who
can fly or wants to fly. And
there's a it's a cement bridge,
probably a castle again, and the
two kids are
Kind of looking at a door and
just figuring out what to do
next.
So outside of this door comes a
man with a crown. He has a very
long beard, long hair, and he's
presenting these children with
something on paper that has to
do with a big circle with little
circles around it or on it, one
big circle with little circles
on it. And again, they have
their purple flying bird with
them, and the bird is also
looking at this.
So the kids look a little bit
scared. They don't know what
this piece of paper is all
about. And the man also has
something that looks like.
Military. Like a gun, maybe? Or
some kind of.
Sash, I don't. I don't think
it's bullets, but it's like the
sash that might hold bullets.
That's just kind of my initial
reaction. So the man with the
crown coming out of this.
Building.
Puts the sash on the young boy.
I think it's a boy. And the
other little boy is now holding
a piece of paper with his purple
crayon and his purple bird. OK,
so we're going to have a little
bit of trouble next because.
That man with the crown
evidently was not supposed to
give them this information,
because you can see that two
other individuals are coming out
of that same doorway and they
have swords or pitchforks or
whatever. Not pitchforks, but
pitch devices, and they're
pulling him back in like you.
Why are you out here with these
kids? You shouldn't be out here
with these kids. Don't be giving
them anything. The kids are kind
of scared, that one each other
crayons still, and they have
their bird, but the the.
Crown older man is now being
pulled back into the to the
building and they're just kind
of watching, kind of wondering
what's going to happen next.
They're not. They're a little
bit scared.
OK, so now what they've decided
to do now that the man, the
older man with long hair, is
gone and they have a sash that
they can put their crayons in
and a map of some sort, they're
going to draw, they're going to
draw the door shut and they're
going to draw.
Keys. They're gonna draw some
keys, a red key and a purple
key, and they're going to use
those keys to get back in there
to get to that man. And their
bird is going to come with them
too, the purple bird.
They get inside and it's another
magical world again, where?
They are on the edge of a
waterfall and they've come. I
think that that door was part of
a actually it was into a land
structure, maybe like a cave of
some sort, I'm not sure. And
there's sky.
People flying in the sky.
But anyways, we're back to this
castle with a Moat and they're
on the opposite side, so they're
watching as the man is being
taken away on some kind of water
vessel with other individuals
and some people in charge and
some people.
With Spears, that's the word. I
want to use Spears, and they
didn't like that he was helping
those kids, so he's going
somewhere.
OK, so here we go, there the
kids. Now that that water
vessels off. The man with the
crown is being guarded by these
people with Spears.
And the kids are now looking at
this map that Kate they gave. He
gave them the one with the
circles.
The rainbow circles and each.
Circle around this rainbow
circle. It's like a clock, OK?
And you've got you've got things
at different points in the
clock. They all have their
individual.
Pictures with circles, and
they're trying to figure out
what does this mean. It looks
like it's a map of a land where
several of the things we've
talked about are circled.
We got a.
Something that looks like water,
where there's fish, we've got
something looks like skyscrapers
or tall buildings or castle type
of things. We've got the forest
with the the lighting, the
lanterns. We've got a palm tree,
we've got a mountain.
A snowy mountain and I can't
really see because again, {I
don't know if I can move you.}
{And I'm move you? I don't
know.}
{Sorry. Oh, no worries. Oh,
there you go.} And it's a.
Looks like a bridge.
A bridge with some smoke.
I think there's just a variety
of things that we've already
seen through the story. There's
that magic Castle.
In the background, and we're
going to figure out where this
takes them.
OK, so they're still hiding
behind this this rock and they
see another boat coming and that
boat has that one of those
individuals that had that bird
cage and it looks like the
person is holding the bird
cages, being told you would have
to do something with this bird
cage.
Now we still have the kids that
have the purple bird.
And they are behind this rock,
and they're looking like they
better protect themselves, so
they get their crayons out
again. Oh, this is cute.
They draw.
Scuba feet.
And.
Maybe even a scuba tank.
And.
Dive into the water with what
was a bird is now like an
octopus. They're going to go
into water and they're gonna
hide.
Now they're in the water with
their
Scuba gear and they're crayons
on the on the sash, and their
bird is both a bird and an
octopus, and they're going
towards some kind of underwater.
Structure that has.
Been a little bit destroyed, but
something's going to happen when
they get there. There's some
kind of life going on in there.
OK. So once they get in there.
They are.
Looking at a vessel of some sort
of like a structure or ceramic,
I'd like to say surrounding,
it's something that somebody
made with.
Dragons on it. And it's
underwater still. And we're
we've got our pillars and and we
look, we have a pillar that even
looks like a mermaid.
Um, there's fish.
And they can see now they are
trying to do something with that
that vase looking
Dragon's Middle section, but I
don't know what it is. Anyways,
these other people jump in the
water to chase after them and so
they grab hold of their octopus
bird.
And they hold on to the map and
they're being taken up to safety
while these other people are
chasing after them. They get to
land and the bird leads them
towards those, the palm trees
that I think I mentioned against
the Snowcap Mountains, and
they're going to climb up on
this land.
And once they get to the land,
they're going to use their
crayons again. They've ditched
their scuba gear. They're going
to draw something else that's
going to take them somewhere.
They want both. One has a purple
and one has red. And you know
what they're drawing? They're
drawing a rhinoceros.
That they can put a
Something that can sit on on top
of that rhinoceros and it's an
open air
Device that they sit in
Carriage like and they're going
to be carried through this.
Uh.
archaic kind of. What do you
call the ruins? This reminds me
of the ruins.
I don't know, I'm going to say.
"Cheat nitza."
Anyways, they're going to be
taken to this uh, maze of.
Ruins and end up probably across
the Bay, across a part of the
ocean where the structure is
coming out of the water.
But I can't be sure yet. OK, so
the structure that's coming out
of the water.
With this bright light on very
top, which kind of reminded me
of what I was trying to describe
with those dragon, the Dragon
Balls. Anyways, there's.
A rope bridge that these kids
have to cross to get from where
they are.
With the the ruins over to this
single structure with the light
at the top and their bird is
guiding them and hopefully going
to make it.
OK, so once they get all the way
across.
They're up near the top where
the light is. It's almost like a
a lid tower, let's say, and
there's also some.
Uh, like hieroglyphics? Like
Mayan? I'd like to say Mayan
because that's something I'm
kind of know, just some kind of.
Of.
Old hieroglyphic structure,
though these people are still
chasing them. That's the
bothersome part. These people
with Spears are chasing them. I
don't understand what these kids
ever did, except they have that
map in their hand and their
birds still looking over them.
And you can see somebody across
the way over at those old ruins.
You can see them watching.
So these kids take their crayons
again, and I'm drawing
something. One of them's drawing
a box.
Uh 3D box you can see. And the
other one is drawing, I don't
know, silhouettes of some sort
that we're going to figure out
what they are.
OK. So the box is going to be a
seat that they're going to sit
on and it's going to be.
Pulled by this those, those
purple, what I was trying to
describe to you, they were
actually wings. He was drawing
wings and those wings are not
complete. Four wings on what
would be like an animal with the
body and legs flying through the
air and those little tiny legs
of that animal.
It's holding strings on the
seat, so the kids are being
carried away by this magical
Dragonfly, that's what's good.
Like it's like a dragonfly and
these people with the Spears and
all the metal, they're just
trying to reach out to them and
it looks like they're going to
get away.
They do get away. They get away
to some ancient.
What do you call that throne for
some kind of God.
And.
They land on top of this
Building.
That has been built for this
God.
And these people are still
chasing after them, but now
they're in like.
Airborne boats.
Anyways, over here the kids are
looking at their map or their
their their sash. The sash now
has multiple colors of crayons.
It's not just red and purple and
their bird is still with them
and they still have that map in
their hand.
That's mostly what's changed is
there now looking at the sash,
something going to happen now
with that sash.
Well, lo and behold, these
airborne
Boats carrying these people,
they're chasing them with the
bird cage.
Are coming in from the left and
the right now, they are coming
in all force. And the bird,
they're bird, they're purple.
Bird is going to take those
crayons away
To safety for now. I don't know
why. Or maybe he's just trying
to protect them from the
airborne craft where these
People are trying to attack
them.
We've got next the.
What's gonna happen here is that
the bird has taken the crayons.
So remember how there's a lot of
different color crayons now he's
making a rainbow. The birds made
a rainbow that the kids are
going to be able to fly over to
another structure that's also in
water while these people who are
trying to capture them with the
bird cage and the metal
Outfits and they're trying to
the crowned guys trying to get
back the map, I guess, and
they're starting to fail. These
people are chasing them and
starting to have trouble.
So they follow this rainbow over
to a boat. Where
We originally had seen a man
with the Crown and the long
hair.
Being taken away, I believe now
they are joining this man in a
boat and all the bad people are
getting pushed off the boat. The
people in the metal, you know,
like
The ones that were trying to
attack them with the swords,
they're being pushed off the
boat and so the rest of the
people in the boat are happy and
the man who had the crown is
leading this boat.
Umm, to safety looks like.
they're going to go back to his
castle, which is all very
colorful now.
Doesn't look like there's any
bad people, just good people
taking care of the the leader,
the Queen, the king, and the
kids are going to be taking in
on the oh. All three of them are
now on that purple rhinoceros
with the open air.
Sitting area that the rhinoceros
is carrying and the the man with
the crown is in front, so he's
taking him back to his house for
safety.
Now they're all there again, and
there's a big, beautiful,
beautiful rainbow.
There's flowers on the hill
where there was the waterfall
before. There was no flowers
there before, just that magic
door.
Into the into that cave dwelling
and the man is helping these
kids get off of the purple
rhinoceros. We still have our
octopus tail.
And are flying.
Uh, what was that again? The
flying the four wing?
I forget what I called it,
dragon. So the man is now, the
kids are now standing in front
of this magic door and the man
has something in his hand. He's
going to crown, he's drawing a
crown with his crayon, and he's
going to crown the one of the
boys.
And the bird's blessing them.
And then he crosses the other
boy and he wishes him well.
Namaste. And the next thing's
going to be they go back inside
the castle, they go back inside
The Cave and then in the
mountain.
Yeah, they're back inside.
And they can see the rainbow
from the outside.
In the outside world, they're
now in something that looks like
a safe structure. They've got
their purple dragon with them,
or bird.
And it looks like
they're back to safety. They
each have their crayon red and
purple. #END_quest
Alright.